[LocalLiveView] Documentation (#581)
software-mansion/popcorn: local-live-view/pages/getting-started/installation.md

# Installation

LocalLiveView is installed into an existing Phoenix project using the `mix llv.install` generator.

## Prerequisites

- A Phoenix project generated with `mix phx.new`
- `:local_live_view` added as a dependency

> - `pnpm` or `npm` for JS package management

Reviewer: IIRC pnpm works only from popcorn repo root, so a regular user needs npm

| Imports `LocalLiveView.Component` | `lib/*_web.ex` (html_helpers) |
| Changes app.js script tag to `type="module"` | `lib/*_web/components/layouts/root.html.heex` |
| Adds `LLVEngine.create` call for the JS bridge | `assets/js/app.js` |
| Adds `local_live_view` JS package | `assets/package.json` |
| Replaces esbuild watcher with `build.mjs` | `mix.exs`, `config/dev.exs` |
| Generates the `local/` WASM project | `local/` |

> **Manual fallback:** If the installer can't find a file (e.g. your project has a non-standard structure), it prints the exact snippet to add manually.

## Step 3 — Setup project

```bash
mix setup
```

The installer already added `llv.build` to the `setup` alias in `mix.exs`. `llv.build` creates popcorn runtime for browser-side elixir.

This compiles your `local/` project to a WASM bundle at `priv/static/assets/js/wasm/bundle.avm`.

## Step 4 — Start the server

```bash
mix phx.server
```

Visit [localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000). The installer generated a sample `HelloLocal` view — add it to any template to confirm everything works:

```heex
<.local_live_view view="HelloLocal" />

> ```

Reviewer: Don't we generate a separate page that renders HelloLocal? If so, we can just tell the user to visit that page

Author: Yes, we generate that, `llv.install.ex:` injects a route `live "/hello_local", HelloLocalLive`. Doc fixed.

## What was generated

The installer creates a `local/` directory — a separate Mix project for your client-side Elixir code:

```
local/
├── config/
│   └── config.exs          # Popcorn output path config
├── lib/
│   ├── local/
│   │   └── application.ex  # OTP application
│   └── hello_local.ex      # Sample LocalLiveView
├── .formatter.exs
└── mix.exs                 # Compiles to WASM via popcorn.cook
```

> Add your LocalLiveView modules to `local/lib/`. They will be compiled into the WASM bundle when you run `mix llv.build`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can add your LocalLiveView modules to `local/lib/`. When the server is running, the LLV watcher detects changes and automatically rebuilds the local code. To enforce rebuild, run `mix llv.build` and restart the server.
```
